Improve OIDC client authentication docs (#557)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/security-openid-connect.md

## Configure OIDC authentication in Pulsar Clients and CLI Tools

> The Pulsar OAuth2 client plugin can be used to for clients that rely on the Client Credentials Flow for OIDC. See the [OAuth2 Client](security-oauth2.md#configure-oauth2-authentication-in-pulsar-clients) documentation for configuring clients to integrate with Pulsar Servers running with the OIDC Authentication Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pulsar OAuth2 client plugin can be used for clients that rely on the Client Credentials Flow for OIDC. See the [OAuth2 Client](security-oauth2.md#configure-oauth2-authentication-in-pulsar-clients) documentation for configuring clients to integrate with Pulsar Servers running with the OIDC Authentication Provider.
```

> The Pulsar OAuth2 client plugin can be used to for clients that rely on the Client Credentials Flow for OIDC. See the [OAuth2 Client](security-oauth2.md#configure-oauth2-authentication-in-pulsar-clients) documentation for configuring clients to integrate with Pulsar Servers running with the OIDC Authentication Provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Pulsar OAuth2 client plugin can be used for clients that rely on the Client Credentials Flow for OIDC. For how to configure clients to integrate with Pulsar Servers running with the OIDC Authentication Provider, see the [OAuth2 Client](security-oauth2.md#configure-oauth2-authentication-in-pulsar-clients).
```
